README.md, before:

Hello Zork!

I did a new Zork and begin do commits since the commit "NEW ZORK_Created rooms and player" because 
the last one had a very bad structure.

CONTROLS:
You can use these commands:
					<go direction, look direction , open/close direction, help and quit>
									OR
					<g direction, l direction, o direction, c direction>
With these directions: 
						<north, south, east, west, up, down> 
									OR
						<n, s, e, w, u, d>
					Pick/Drop <pick, drop>
					Equip/Unequip <equip, unequip>
					Inventory <inventory, inv, i>
					put/get <item> into/from <item>
						
Default action is 'go' if you only introduce the direction.\n"

The Curse of the lost will be set in sea and islands. 
The protagonist is shipwrecked and we do not know his history. 
Our main objective will be leave the area of islands, but there is a problem, the sea is full of sharks 
and we have no way of killing them, so we must explore the map to find a way to eliminate them.

Web link: http://valencianofran.github.io/ZorkGame_Curse_Of_The_Lost/

Wiki link: https://github.com/ValencianoFran/ZorkGame_Curse_Of_The_Lost/wiki


ITEMS:

-Boat: allows to move in the sea. Is on the Shore, the place where you spawn.

-Guitar: allows to attract the monkey.

-Pearl: the purpose for which the trader will trade the harpoon.

-Harpoon: it allows kill sharks.

-Oyster: contains pearls and is under the sea, you can pick it with the diving goggles equipped.

-Goggles: allows access to the secret beach area, there are on the house.

-Knife: is on the chest.

-Rotten banana: player can give it to the monkey.

-Chest: contains knife.

-Box: contains diving goggles. Is on the house.


I did commits on the deleted Zork from different dispositives and they have another author name,
but they all are done by me.

(RELEASE v.05) - GitHub gives me error with Branch and i don't know how to fix it.


A game by: Francisco Ruiz Gimenez

Commit message:

Readme edit with link to the last repository

README.md, after:

Hello Zork!

(RELEASE v.05) - GitHub given me error with Branch and i didn't know how to fix it, so I did another repository.
		 Link to the last Zork to see the commits:
		 https://github.com/ValencianoFran/ZorkGame_Curse_Of_The_Lost

CONTROLS:
You can use these commands:
					<go direction, look direction , open/close direction, help and quit>
									OR
					<g direction, l direction, o direction, c direction>
With these directions: 
						<north, south, east, west, up, down> 
									OR
						<n, s, e, w, u, d>
					Pick/Drop <pick, drop>
					Equip/Unequip <equip, unequip>
					Inventory <inventory, inv, i>
					put/get <item> into/from <item>
						
Default action is 'go' if you only introduce the direction.\n"

The Curse of the lost will be set in sea and islands. 
The protagonist is shipwrecked and we do not know his history. 
Our main objective will be leave the area of islands, but there is a problem, the sea is full of sharks 
and we have no way of killing them, so we must explore the map to find a way to eliminate them.

Web link: http://valencianofran.github.io/ZorkGame_Curse_Of_The_Lost/

Wiki link: https://github.com/ValencianoFran/ZorkGame_Curse_Of_The_Lost/wiki


ITEMS:

-Boat: allows to move in the sea. Is on the Shore, the place where you spawn.

-Guitar: allows to attract the monkey.

-Pearl: the purpose for which the trader will trade the harpoon.

-Harpoon: it allows kill sharks.

-Oyster: contains pearls and is under the sea, you can pick it with the diving goggles equipped.

-Goggles: allows access to the secret beach area, there are on the house.

-Knife: is on the chest.

-Rotten banana: player can give it to the monkey.

-Chest: contains knife.

-Box: contains diving goggles. Is on the house.


I did commits on the deleted Zork from different dispositives and they have another author name,
but they all are done by me.




A game by: Francisco Ruiz Gimenez
